[DOC-397] [2024.1.1] Create provider validation (#23039)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/configure-yugabyte-platform/gcp.md

1. Enter the provider details. Refer to [Provider settings](#provider-settings).

1. Click **Validate and Save Configuration** when you are done and wait for the configuration to validate and complete.

>     If you want to save your progress, you can skip validation by choosing **Ignore and save provider configuration anyway** option, which will ignore the validation errors and save the provider anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to save your progress, you can skip validation by choosing the **Ignore and save provider configuration anyway** option, which saves the provider configuration without validating. Note that you may not be able to create universes using an incomplete or unvalidated provider.
```
